= kete_trackable_items

A Rails engine gem that works in conjunction with kete_gets_trollied to track where an item (with a corresponding physical archive) is physically located.

== Usage

You'll need to add the following to your application's config/initializers/mime_types.rb

Mime::Type.register "application/vnd.ms-excel", :xls

You'll also need to create a config file in your application that looks something like this under config/trackable_item_scopes.yml:

topic:
  prerequisite_extensions:
    - "extend ExtendedContentHelpers"
    - "extend ExtendedContentScopeHelpers"
  
  search_scopes:
    always_within_scopes:
      type_item: "{ :conditions => { :topic_type_id => 8 } }"
    text_searches:
      - series_no_is: "lambda { |pattern|
      { :conditions => field_condition_sql_for(pattern, 109, true) }
      }"
      - box_no_is: "lambda { |pattern|
      { :conditions => field_condition_sql_for(pattern, 112, true) }
      }"
      - item_no_is: "lambda { |pattern|
      { :conditions => field_condition_sql_for(pattern, 110, true) }
      }"

# use these instead of _is text_searches if want to pattern matching
# that matches right hand side truncation
# i.e. user search input of "10" will match "100" as well as "10", "101", etc.
#       - series_no_matches: "lambda { |pattern|
#      { :conditions => field_condition_sql_for(pattern, 109) }
#      }"
#      - box_no_matches: "lambda { |pattern|
#      { :conditions => field_condition_sql_for(pattern, 112) }
#      }"
#      - item_no_matches: "lambda { |pattern|
#       { :conditions => field_condition_sql_for(pattern, 110) }
#      }"

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Open an issue for feature or bug fix.
* Create a corresponding branch for the issue, similar to the way working for branches is outlined here (particularly in regards to naming of branch): http://kete.net.nz/documentation/topics/show/326-working-with-git-branches-on-github
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2012 Horowhenua Library Trust. See LICENSE for details.
